From: Nikki Steele <Nikki.Steele@apm.net.au>
Date: Fri, 29 May 2026 01:12:53 +0000
Subject: remote inital 
---
thank you for your time today and once again welcome to APM.  As just discussed, we are conducting your Initial Interview remotely.
Your face to face appointment has been booked for the 1st June at 9am at the Whyalla office

Please find attached the following Consent Forms and Job Plan for your review and approval:

  1.  1. Workforce Australia Services - Privacy Notification and Consent Form
  2.  2. Workforce Australia Services - Service Provision Consent Form:
     *   As part of your Workforce Australia participation, Advanced Personnel Management (APM) will be required to contact other businesses and organisations when supporting you to prepare for, and maintain, employment. This may include contacting potential employers, training organisations, our program partners and suppliers of goods and services.
     *   Once you gain employment, APM will continue to support you for at least 6 months from the date you start work (in a manner and frequency that suits you).
     *   As part of our requirements for the Commonwealth Government, we may also need to contact your employer to verify the details of your employment (including confirming your position title and duties, date of commencement, and obtaining payslips to confirm your hours of employment and rate of pay).
  3.  Your Job Plan detailing what you need to do in exchange for your income support payment.
Please review these attached documents which I have already gone through with you and reply back to this email with the word "APPROVED" and your full name confirming that you have read, understood and consent to these documents.  Please note that by replying to and approving this email, you are accepting all of these attached documents. If you do not want to approve a specific form, then you must list the name of the form(s) you are not approving clearly in your reply email - if you have any questions that we have not already discussed before replying, please contact me using my details below ASAP.

To get your income support payment you need to meet the requirements included in your job plan. This includes meeting a Points Target. Your Points Target starts at 100 points and includes a minimum number of job applications. This target may be adjusted depending on your location and personal circumstances. I have attached the following guide and link to support you in understanding and meeting your Points Requirement:

  1.  3. Workforce Australia Services - Points Values For Tasks And Activities
  2.  Workforce Australia Services - How To Report Points<https://jobsearch.gov.au/how-to-report-points>

Please also find attached for your reference:

  1.  4. Workforce Australia Services - APM Participant Handbook
  2.  5. Workforce Australia Services - Service Guarantee

Additionally, here are some links to guides and videos for linking your myGov account and managing your obligations online once your account is linked, and creating your profile to make job search easier:

  1.  Workforce Australia Services - How To Link Your myGov Account<https://jobsearch.gov.au/how-to-link>
  2.  Workforce Australia Services - Use Your Homepage To Manage Your Obligations<https://www.workforceaustralia.gov.au/individuals/coaching/how-to/use-your-homepage>
  3.  Workforce Australia Services - Create Your Profile<https://www.workforceaustralia.gov.au/individuals/coaching/how-to/create-profile>

Once again welcome to APM! I look forward to your reply and to supporting you in finding suitable employment.



Classification: Confidential
Nikki Steele   | Employment Consultant - Workforce Australia
T6, 169 Nicholson Avenue, Whyalla Norrie, SA 5608        W apm.net.au 
E  Nikki.Steele@apm.net.au
APM acknowledges Aboriginal &amp; Torres
Strait Islander people as the traditional custodians of this country
throughout Australia and their continuing connection to land, sea and community.
We pay our respects to them and their cultures, and to their Elders, past,
present and emerging.APM is building an inclusive workplace to help
realise the potential of our employees, embrace difference and apply our diverse
thinking to innovation and service delivery.APM is dedicated to the
consideration, support and inclusion of people with disability, Aboriginal and
Torres Strait Islander people, LGBTQIA people and people from culturally diverse
backgrounds in all aspects of our organisation. Although
Advanced Personnel Management (APM) uses virus protection programs, it cannot
guarantee that this email and any of its attachments are free from computer
viruses. Any person who opens an attachment does so at his or her own risk. This
email is intended for the named addressee only. Its contents are confidential
and may contain personal information. Please ensure that personal information is
kept secure at all times and privacy is respected. If you have received this
email in error, please contact APM immediately by telephoning (08) 9486 1244 or
by reply email to the sender. Do not use, store, disclose or copy any personal
information that you were not intended to receive. The copying or distribution
of this email or any information it contains, by anyone other than the
addressee, is prohibited. If you are not the named addressee, please immediately
destroy the original email and any attachments.
