From: Sheena Neil <Sheena.Neil@apm.net.au>
Date: Tue, 2 Jun 2026 02:41:52 +0000
Subject: Resume
---
Hi Justin,

It was great having you in today, please forward your resume to me when you get a chance.

If you forget anything regarding your appointments or point etc, please see it I n your WorkForce app.


Classification: Confidential
Sheena Neil She/her/hers  | Employment Consultant - WFA
T6, 169 Nicolson Avenue, Whyalla Norrie, SA 5608        W apm.net.au 
E  Sheena.Neil@apm.net.au
APM acknowledges Aboriginal &amp; Torres
Strait Islander people as the traditional custodians of this country
throughout Australia and their continuing connection to land, sea and community.
We pay our respects to them and their cultures, and to their Elders, past,
present and emerging.APM is building an inclusive workplace to help
realise the potential of our employees, embrace difference and apply our diverse
thinking to innovation and service delivery.APM is dedicated to the
consideration, support and inclusion of people with disability, Aboriginal and
Torres Strait Islander people, LGBTQIA people and people from culturally diverse
backgrounds in all aspects of our organisation. Although
Advanced Personnel Management (APM) uses virus protection programs, it cannot
guarantee that this email and any of its attachments are free from computer
viruses. Any person who opens an attachment does so at his or her own risk. This
email is intended for the named addressee only. Its contents are confidential
and may contain personal information. Please ensure that personal information is
kept secure at all times and privacy is respected. If you have received this
email in error, please contact APM immediately by telephoning (08) 9486 1244 or
by reply email to the sender. Do not use, store, disclose or copy any personal
information that you were not intended to receive. The copying or distribution
of this email or any information it contains, by anyone other than the
addressee, is prohibited. If you are not the named addressee, please immediately
destroy the original email and any attachments.
